This is a story about a dog. The dog, like most dogs, was a puppy at one time. This was a cute puppy.
The puppy had a master, a human, as you could call it, I suppose. The human was kind of unattractive.
The dog was cute. The dog was the master of the person. So what's up with that, right?
The dog had to do something. Something had to be done. So what did it do? What did it do? I'll tell you what it did.
It climbed up on the kitchen counter. On top of the kitchen counter on top of the shelves, where all the spices were.
And got some rosemary. And it baked itself a cake. With just rosemary. When the human came home, it wanted the cake.
It turns out that rosemary is deadly to humans. It died. The person died.
The dog won the war. The end. Fade out. A little bit more. Now we're done.
Sitting in the garage, looking under the hood. Gonna put in some oil, then this black guy came in.
He didn't have any hair. He did have some boots. And a red flame guitar. And he was a total badass.
Its a rockstar retreat and there's a Lincoln Zephyr in the garage and Mike Cameron, holy shit.
Sitting here in jail, cause I killed a blue whale. Now I don't know what to do. People who ride choppers suck ass.
Kelly Clarkson can roll. She can rock a little too. Damn she's fine. Seriously, choppers suck ass.
Kitty's put his spaceboots on again. Looks like he'll be going as far as he can.
He'll leave the world and all his dreams behind to become another cat in space.
A cat in space is like a rhino in a zoo, except there are no fences out in space.
Imagine you're a man who's set on fire. Out in space you would not be on fire.
I won't lie to you. You're kinda cute, thats all. We should hook up later on.
Don't lie to me. My cat is out in space, and I love you.
A rocket goes and gets the captain back. Turns out he is wanted for some shit.
He baked his master a happy birthday cake. He only used rosemary to bake the cake.
A little hillside village is where it all began. A man left home searching for an answer to his life long plan.
He had a woman on his mind who made his pants explode. He wanted her, she laughed at him. He knew where he must go.
Wicked Doc Voodoo took him in, took him in. He put him in a Bomback. Shot shit out his back.
Turns out Doc Voodoo was a slimy little whore. His pink limousine will burn forever more.
White dwarf coming for your ass. More armor will not stop your death.
The asphalt stained with your fallen blood. Red asphalt, cheaters never win.
Bone Daddy, Bone Daddy, I'm a human being. Get your fucking ass fire off of my car.
Long Face Lou, how do you do? I'll tell you how I do, I kill you.
Billy Mays sold me on everything. He sold me everything that I'd ever need.
He sold me a pinball machine, and some Oxyclean. He sold me socks and boots, and some high class booze.
When you need something call on Billy Mays. He'll hook you up so fat with a cheshire cat.
He's a motherfucking badass with his blue tattoos. He'll sell you rubber gloves and a meatball sub.
He's a demon android gargoyle vampire high-class prick. He sold out our souls, that shit makes me sick.
He's a temptress Cleopatra smooth exploding dick. He sold out our souls, that shit makes me sick.
He'll meet you on your TV, your pop-up ads. He'll host your radio shows, greet you at Lowes.
You can't even breath without breathing Mays. We love you so much, we need you to stay.
You killed my friends, and I'm left here. I don't know you, I don't know you. You left me here all alone, all alone, all alone.
Puking behind the church at a quarter to noon.
I'd love to put my buttsteak in you. Think of all the fun we could have.
I'd love to put my buttsteak in you. Until we are unable to stand.
Puking behind the church at a quarter to one. I see your face shawty and I want a gun.
I never wanna see you cry again. Six easy steps and I'm able to win.
I'll give you pleasure.
Mmm, I can't feel no better.
Awake. The child beneath me now sings, as the endeavors of my past have now sunken to the dark depths of the sea.
Emerge. Another day beckons against the wind, but follow me not for I have forsaken the righteous path of benevolence.
Arise, as the hour of opportunity draws near, and the hand of fate extends in a gesture of forgotten solitude.
Deliver the rusted sands to the sacred obelisk before the augmentation of the undead reaches the bowels of reality.
A lone child, who happens to be a boy, caresses his passion for death.
A death that releases his anguish and brings now light to his revelation.
Orion, hunter of the snake, contemplates the existence of his only true foe. The prince of chaos.
He sends his army of flight swooping down to the abyss of an endless prosperity.
What emerges is a wereloon. A condensation of both a coyote and a loon.
Its talons are awesome. The talons are made of fire, and the fur hurts a lot when you touch it.
Hey, hey, let’s drink some whiskey. Hey, hey, don’t touch me there.
Hey, hey, let’s drink some whiskey. There’s a douchebag over there.
Who’s that guy on you? What’s he doing here? I'm creeping through the window. He told me to fuck myself.
Butcher my senses, and I’ll butcher your face. Watch as it juices all over the place.
He flicked me off but here’s the truth. I’ve got some whiskey for you.
I’ve got a phone, and it rings sometimes. I threw my phone, and now that shit’s fucking broke.
Hey, hey, let’s drink some whiskey. Hey, hey, don’t touch my dick.
Hey, hey, let’s drink some whiskey. Go ahead and touch my dick.
I’d never want to live in Antarctica. Shit there never goes my way. Whenever I'm in Antarctica I end up having a really bad day.
One time when I was in Antarctica with the honies at the local bar, this dude came up and broke my back. That day really fucking sucked.
One time I went to Antarctica cause I wanted to have a good time. I tripped over a tree and looked real dumb.
I usually don’t do shit like that.
Last May I was in Antarctica meeting up with some long lost friends. We started to play kick the can and I lost.
I’d never want to live in Antarctica, even though I’ve been there 53 times. Every time is worse than the last.
Except when I didn’t get stabbed.
Sometimes I go to Antarctica to party round the clock. But last time I was there I fell asleep at like 10:00.
Sometimes I go to Antarctica to relax after a shitty day. I’ll order a whiskey old fashioned, but it’s barely muddled at all.
I’d never wanna live in Antarctica because they have roundabouts. I fucking hate roundabouts.
Antartica’s a good place to go if you like eating shit for brunch. They have it there all the time, but the sides are usually extra.
One time when I was in Antarctica volunteering at a kindergarten. All the kids made fun of me because I was in Antarctica.
Shining bright against the night, you were there and I felt right. The walls came down all around, and then I heard you sing.
I was stuck inside of you. I felt warm I felt you too.
Now I see, I saw your face. There’s always time to be afraid.
When we were scared, we climbed the stairs. Higher than we had ever prepared.
I reached for you, but you withdrew, so I fly away.
You were the last book I had to read. The story of my life for all to see. The ending was wrong but felt so right, so I fly away.
Monday night is at your door. It makes you want a little more. I have a little more for you. Close your eyes and dreams come true.
You don’t know what you know. You don’t know anything. You don't know why you’re gone, and why you won’t ever come back.
I know what you’re thinking last night. It was a fairytale filled with dolls. Now I'm playing with a loaded gun.
Sometimes I eat pancakes at ten o’clock. It’s really kinda late cause that’s at night.
You’d think it was in the morning, but it was at night.
Sometimes I go to the desert. Sometimes I don’t.
Jelly for the sandwiches my mom was making for the party at the hopscotch forest in the middle of the night.
Young children and four bags of sleeping powder so they will not know that I am a man they should not trust is sleeping.
Behind the broken window by the drunken slot machine.
Was gonna be an actor, was gonna be a star. Wanted to make the money, wanted to fill up my jar.
Then the vacuum spoke to me. My Hoover was a sign from God. I’d ride it straight to happiness. Fuck all that shish kebab.
Slap me over, and spin me round. If you buy this vacuum, I promise they won’t ever hear a sound.
You can count on me to be the one to kill you quickly, and change the bag when you are done.
Vacuum on a Sunday. Vacuum your life away. Vacuum till your last breath. Vacuum you to death.
Vacuum, vacuum, hell yeah!
Vacuum you down a well. Vacuum you straight to hell. Vacuum, you missed that spot. Vacuum, you got it.
I'm the only one. I am what I’ve become. Your carpet is nice and clean. Finally I can breath.
Finally I can be. There’s only one more fee. The vacuum is the key.
Outside on a Sunday, grass green on both my feet. Frisbee flies far and so high.
I hate turk, and I hate you.
Front yard is where we play. All day all we do is wait for a chance to be your friend.
Nobody. You’re my least favorite nobody.
Stukenberg, why be that way? I love you, and Turk does too. Let’s be friends and play everyday.
If you don’t want to play, our band will beat yours everyday. That’s not true. I fucking suck.
Pete is my brother. I love him and he loves me. We’re always together, except when we’re apart.
Pete is my brother, but make no mistake. When it comes to friends, I have shit tons more.
I am singing this whole song, and I'm beautiful.
Turk and Rich are perfect. They are my best friends. They like me more than they like you, Pete.
You think that I'm wrong, but here’s the thing that you don’t know: Rich wrote this song.
I am swinging on a swing, and I fell. Now I'm sitting on the ground, and I'm beautiful.
MaryKate, I’d like to take a match and melt off all your clothes. Then i’d like to see your smile disappear beneath my belt.
I stumble through your crude arrangement. Little grief, to your amazement.
I hear you telling me that it is not fair. Across the room from me, you give me your glare.
It was so hot that day. All I wanted was a little breeze. But the window, the window came crashing down.
The pain window! The pain window! Window pain.
Prove to me you’re really never there. My heart bleeds a thousand times for you.
There you are again, sitting on the bench in the park with your hands.
I see you every day. I see you every day, but I never have known just what to say.
There you are again. This time I'm prepared to make a move. Check these moves.
I talk about some wildlife, mention the ozone, photosynthesis and the ocean, flock of geese, diversity.
Ladies love a man who’s in love with the land. She’ll love you nice and deep if global warming makes you weep.
My advice to you is plant a plant, or maybe two.
When she mentions pesticides, say you don’t like pesticides.
There you again. You’re wearing your high heels, time for me to seal the deal.
You’re talking about some movie. I say fuck that, what about invasive species? That shit sucks.
Ladies love a man who can talk about the land. And if that’s all it takes, you can fake it for one date.
Say you’re going green, and you don’t like to dry clean. Or at the very least, pretend you don’t eat meat.
In the park, babies laugh. Babies cry. Can’t you see? We’re meant to be.
I was on a honeymoon at a hospital. I was on the sun, going nowhere.
I was singing hello to the men at war. I was taking classes to learn to soar.
I was peeking over the Berlin Wall. I was unsure if I should try to fall.
I was with some babies up in heaven. I was in the mall buying a brand new skirt.
Slooby when you stand there, orvalanding, I can’t be right beside you. Borando. Deramona is what deramona does.
Follow this town. Gray’s the new brown.
I was in the sea catching all the waves. I was down below, all alone.
I was the first one to see you come in last. I was drinking whiskey way too fast.
I was hunkering down for the lonley night. I was watching the tornado pass on by.
I was partying with the Viet Cong. I was helping me to write this song.
They are here. Watch your back. Contract with the dead.
Save me from myself.
Gray is the new brown.
There once was a time when food was an afterthought, an expected commodity. The years of plenty.
Nothing is constant except change. A reality that can be a tough pill to swallow.
The end came faster than could have been imagined. The land dried up. The earth lay bare, refusing to grow as much as a blade a grass.
These were dark times. Humanity was dying, along with its will to live.
On the brink of extinction, a young women stumbled home, cold and alone, dragging her net behind her as she crept.
Little did she know she had a caught a phantom. A ghost.
Once home she prepared what was to be her last meal: a few strips of bacon she had stored away for her glorious exit from the world.
The world was about to change forever.
From the corner of her eye she caught a glimpse of the phantom still caught in her net. Panicked, she beat it with her club.
She fried the phantom in the bacon grease, and prepared for the afterlife.
Two weeks later, she felt better than ever. Strong. Confident. Phantom power.
I'm a phantom, and you’re a phantom. Let’s phantom together. Let’s phantom right now.
I'm a phantom, and you’re a phantom. Let’s do the phantom. Let’s do it right now.
Phantoms are the only thing you need. Phantoms, and a little bacon grease.
Get away from my toys. Hop out of my ditch.
Never do any work. Why are you such a jerk?
Making a mess of my stuff, you wear my mothers lace.
Cooties all over the ground. You are such a stupid face.
My daddy doesn't like you. He thinks that you're dumb.
You can't come over, and you can't have fun.
I freaking hate you, you are quite fat. Eat poo and broccoli. Eat a big ol' rat.
Please be my jerk. Always a jerk.
Now the cone standing alone on the corner of the avenue meets a man just walking home past the gutter.
Storm drain is full tonight and the man is shaking hands. Then the woman says something like "I'm actually a man."
He stands still for a moment. He's unsure of what to do. He runs to the basement. Locks himself up in a room.
He was searching for a sound solution, searching as time went by. He was searching for a little more. In the end came no reply.
Alone never meant much to the white stripe on the road. He was meant to look up at her like somebody he'd like to know.
Dirt stains upon his face, the warmth slowly subsides. He's helpless for a moment and the cone has never lied.
Reply to the answer, make time for the game. Wait until tomorrow for what he asks of you today.
Beaches of spring break were filled with legs. The two of mine both were fake. Although I was different I still fit in.
One morning, on a run I went, off by myself down on the beach. A dog ran up and he barked at me.
Bit my leg off in pain I screamed. My ugly stump was all that I could see.
Took my other leg right off of my hip. Hit the dog with no mercy at all.
Tired I sat down on the beach, when a wave came up and took my legs away from me.
I lost my legs while on spring break. Washed out to sea, far away from me. Now I can't walk, run or stand.
My friends left me here trapped in the sand.
Everyday I hope that this is fake cause I lost my legs while on spring break.
Without my legs I'm nothing at all. I can't move, all I do is fall.
Could someone please come and help. I'd come to you but I can't move.
Be my friend. I need one now.
Just a friend, and not a cow.
Rent a friend is what I need. Someone to buy, who will never leave.
Play with me all summer long. They let me win, I sing a song.
I'm friendless, and I'll admit it, but I need someone to hold my hand.
As I cross the street right in front of you, I'm lonelier than I began.
Always be there is all I ask. Never leave, or I'll attack.
Shattering your ball and chain, walking through the stormy rain.
The devil is your only foe under the lightning lying low.
She breathes the fire and the smoke, laughs at her lifeless joke. Sprints across the land at large, shoves a javelin through his heart.
Going back into the ground. Nothing but a muddy mound. Screaming at the digging men, who shovel, pack, and dig again.
Don't hear your mumbles or your words, but keep you alive in your grave.
Ghosts of the dead still roam to feed their empty hearts and bones. Then back to hell they fly, emptiness beneath the sky.
The suffered reach their hands up high. Weak break down, stutter, and cry, cast deep into their beds to become the newly made dead.
Roll in my sleep I'm awakened to find you in my room, my window is high.
I wanted to see how it is that you sleep, passed out in bed your fingertips red.
I shout at the door, "See me no more!" Leave how you came, my face full of shame.
Clothes in the air, I float far away. I'll be back tomorrow, boy, I'm here to stay.
Night prowler, don't think I could live with the day. Tomorrow she'll wonder on in, looking to stay.
When you return, ready I'll wait. Crouched in the corner, all you can do is wait.
Please, don't be mean. I love you, its true. Watching you sleep alone in your room.
Why can't you see? It's creepy to me to have you here above like a flea.
A flea that's infested with you on its mind, you are my flower, the prettiest kind.
Girl, I'll kill you. But first I'll kiss you.
Please leave and mean it. No. I'm here to stay.
Footprints embedded, a sign to refuse. Shaking the hollow, the darkening news.
Extending too far, don't understand why. Rewrite the ending before I can fly.
Poisonous posture reminds it to stay. Pass it around and give it away.
Follow the red lines to the back of your hand, veins exploding as you do it again.
You say you want the world. You always want more.
Follow it through the last open door.
Believe all the simple lies. Don't think to ignore. Be the last one to step through the door.
Under the floor, shadows too near. Lift a finger to save a tear.
The constellation runs deep and thin, and as it flows it becomes sin.
I am a monkey, look at me go. I like bananas, snow snow snow.
Markers can draw, and so can I. Wheels can turn, and you can die.
Money in the form of spoons. Killing something, something soon.
Always wanting something new. Summer job in a funeral home.
Aliens in the sky? I have to pee. Letters and numbers, I still have to pee.
Pet rocks pack quite a bite. Bite like a knife in winter.
A single ship goes out to sea. I fell tonight and broke my knee. Owls at night do scare me.
Big pillows are very comfy.
